Document a use case for Terraform (#77)
SeisoLLC/easy_infra: docs/Terraform/index.rst

Terraform
=========
HashiCorp's Terraform is a tool for defining your Infrastructure as Code (IaC). The easy_infra project includes Terraform

> to support its use in CI/CD pipelines. You can use easy_infra to execute Terraform commands on an up-to-date version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to support its use, both locally and in CI/CD pipelines. You can use easy_infra to execute Terraform commands, and
```

> of the program. As part of the terraform execution, security checks available from `Checkov <https://www.checkov.io/>`_, `tfsec <https://tfsec.dev/>`_, and `Terrascan <https://www.accurics.com/products/terrascan/>`_ are performed to assess your terraform code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as part of the execution, security checks available from `Checkov <https://www.checkov.io/>`_, `tfsec <https://tfsec.dev/>`_, and `Terrascan <https://www.accurics.com/products/terrascan/>`_ are transparently performed to assess your terraform code.
```

Use Cases
=========

> If you use Software Version Control to manage your Terraform IaC, consider executing ``terraform validate`` with 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use Software Version Control (such as `git`) to manage your Terraform IaC, consider executing ``terraform validate`` with 
```

easy_infra as a pipeline action on commit or pull request::

>     docker run -v $(pwd):/tf seiso/easy_infra:latest-minimal terraform validate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    docker run -v $(pwd):/iac seiso/easy_infra:latest-minimal terraform validate
```

You can also use easy_infra to deploy your infrastructure using ``terraform plan`` and ``terraform deploy``::

>     docker run -v $(pwd):/tf seiso/easy_infra:latest-minimal /bin/bash -c "terraform plan && terraform apply -auto-approve"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    docker run -v $(pwd):/iac seiso/easy_infra:latest-minimal /bin/bash -c "terraform plan && terraform apply -auto-approve"
```

Terraform Cacheing
------------------
If you're working with the same terraform code across multiple runs, you can leverage the cache::

>     docker run -v $(pwd):/tf -v $(pwd)/plugin-cache:/root/.terraform.d/plugin-cache easy_infra:latest-minimal /bin/bash -c "terraform init; terraform version"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    docker run -v $(pwd):/iac -v $(pwd)/plugin-cache:/root/.terraform.d/plugin-cache easy_infra:latest-minimal /bin/bash -c "terraform init; terraform validate"
```

Resources
=========

> Open Policy Agent (OPA) offers useful resources for cloud native infrastructure administrators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring custom checks can be done by leveraging the robust Rego language, maintained by the
Open Policy Agent (OPA) project, and used as a part of `terrascan` for managing cloud native infrastructure.
```
